Has this ever happened to you? Oh boy, I
love building. Just got to finish
lighting up my house. Oh no, I'm four
torches short. Well, here's how to get
those four torches easily. First, chop
down some trees. Then, kill some animals
so you have food. Then, make a furnace
and smelt one of your wood into charcoal
and use that charcoal to cook your food.
Then, make some sticks using the
leftover wood. Then, go into your mine
and mine some coal and use it to smelt
some iron, which you need for a bucket.
Then, get water and find a lava pool so
you can go to the Nether. Find a bastion
and steal the piglin's gold to trade it
with them for ender pearls. Then find a
fortress and make your way to the blaze
spawner, killing any mobs you need to
along the way. Kill some blazes for
blaze powder and leave the Nether. Then
use your ender pearls and blaze powder
to make eyes of ender and find the
stronghold. Once inside, run around
until you find the portal room. Once you
find it, use the sticks you crafted
earlier to make some arrows. Then go to
the end and use your bow to take down
all the end crystals. Then kill the
ender dragon. And once it dies, you can
finally craft some torches, go through
the end portal, and finish your